(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

So, I want to develop this application where my previous students, old students, they can refer new candidates, so they can log in as individual users and they should be able to refer other people who might be interested in our courses. Once they refer somebody, they get some points, so whether that person converts or does not convert they get some points for that and whenever somebody converts they get some extra points and these people should have like tiers, the way these airlines have tiers. So, when they join they should be something like a bronze member, then they should become after accumulating certain number of points they should become silver member and then after accumulating some more points they should become like gold members and at every tier they will have some benefits. 

So, once they become something like silver then they will enjoy certain percentage of discount and products that they are buying from us plus they will be entitled for certain free courses. When they become gold members they should have some more privileges and then when they become diamond they should have even more privileges on both these. So, the percentage of discount they get will go up as well as the number of free courses they get that should also go up. 

So, this is how it should work. So, when they log in they should see a screen where they should see how many points they've accumulated and these points by the way these points should be running points they've accumulated in previous 12 months. So, it's a moving frame. 

So, once they recommend somebody that the points they earn they do not these points are not forever they will kind of the system will only take the points they've accumulated in previous 12 month period and based on that that year may go up or go down also. So, if they have recommended somebody and then after that they have for a very long time they've not recommended their points will go up and their tier will also go down. So, that is how it should work. 

So, when they log in they should see how many points they have, what is their current tier, what are the tier benefits they have and they should have a facility to refer somebody and for referring they should be able to refer an individual by filling a form where they should be able to give the name of the person, city of the person, how do they know this person and what are the qualifications and what course this person may be interested in that much information they can fill or they can upload a csv file if they want to say refer something like 30, 50, 100 people in one go they should also have the facility to upload a csv file to refer. Now there should be an admin role which should like manage everybody. So, we will manually create user ids and passwords. 

So, people will not be able to just go and register themselves. So, we will have to create user id password. So, this admin should be able to create that user id and password and then we will share that user id password with that for individual person and admin should be able to also change the passwords, reset passwords if needed. 

Admin should be able to fire reports about how many referrals came in and how many conversions happened and you know all of that for a different period, previous month or so for various time periods that reporting should be possible using admin account. Admin should be able to delete ids, create ids and change passwords of ids. Admin should have the ability to mark a particular referral as admission taken. 

You see the points as the points are getting distributed when somebody gives a referral he earns certain points but when a conversion happens he earns certain more points. So, admin should be able to mark a certain referral as admission taken and when he marks that as admission taken those additional points should be allocated automatically to that person who had provided that referral. So, that is how I want to develop a system. 

Admin should also have the ability to reject certain referrals because people might just give a referral saying that okay this person might be interested but that person may not be interested at all or that person may say that I do not even know this guy who has referred me. So, in certain such cases admin should also be able to discard a certain referral in which case the initial points which are allocated they should also be taken up. So, this is how I want to develop a system. 

Now, I want to develop this system in python as the backend and html5 css javascript to develop the frontend. It should be a web-based system completely. We have a website and once this whole application is developed we should just be able to integrate it with our website and provide a login screen separately on a separate page and from where we should be able to run the application. 

All the data should be stored locally. So, I mean I do not want a database or anything so maybe a json file or you know some of these kind of files because I do not think there will be a huge data but even the passwords, user id passwords etc should be stored on a json file or you know something similar. So, that is the application I want to develop.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)